These are the notebooks for the preprocessing and the analysis of my Bachelor's Thesis.
The reformat2.ipynb file contains preprocessing and formatting steps for the EEG data.
The rERP_lt_plots.ipynb, rERP_mt_plots.ipynb, and rERP_dt_plots.ipynb files contain the code for calculating and plotting the rERPs. Most of this code has been adapted from Brouwer (2020; github.com\hbrouwer\rerps).
The sentRatings.ipynb file contains code for extracting the sentence ratings from the presentation log files. This was not used for reasons undisclosed here.

The abstract of my thesis is the following:

Language and music are considered universal among humans. Both are perceived in a sequence according to a set of rules. In addition, there is evidence pointing to shared brain areas underlying their processing. There are, however, different theories explaining the nature of the neuronal overlap. Some point to overlapping regions, while others suggest shared mechanisms. These theories use elements of linguistic frameworks which have been brought into question since. In contrast, the Retrieval-Integration (RI) theory explains the whole range of findings in the linguistic domain. Thus the current research aims to generalize the RI theory to musical processing by looking at EEG data recorded during concurrent comprehension of language and music. To do so, the novel rERP estimation technique was used to uncover the underlying effect structure in the ERP signal. The results suggest that the RI theory works as a general framework for sequential processing and that language and music share resources needed to construct and store representations. However, further research has to be done to confirm these findings, which uses a design that allows for investigating the comprehension processes first in isolation, before looking at processing in parallel.
